README.md, before:

## Fantasy Fitness

THOUGHTS:
---
 - workout packs are set weekly by app admin
 - workouts get claimed when a person completes it
 - claim means finished!
 - might be easier to start with a giant list of workouts / exercises that each count for x points
 - can then complete them freely to score open ended points
 - maybe the packs are more like suggestions / challenges that are worth extra points


TODO:
---
HOME:
---
 - personal weekly score tally
 - team total score weekly
 - settings / update profile button
 - clicking on the workout claims it
 - show weekly available workouts & available points
 - show weekly completed workouts & awarded points



TEAM:
---
 - team total score
 - settings / update team button - name, image, etc
 - teammates and everyone's momentum
 - team notes / messaging


LEAGUE:
---
- display this weeks workout pack
- dropdown to check out previous weeks
- click on the pack takes you to workouts - displays that pack and its different workouts / exercises
- scoreboard / standings
- matchup view ( comparison across teams )
- MVP (who's contributed the most this week?)
- league manager note


WORKOUTS:
---
 - workout list (in vertical scroll view)
  - exercise name
  - image
  - curate better list of workouts
  - good pictures
 - clicking on a workout shows more information about it
  - what exercises
  - how long
  - general description
  - what muscles are being worked?
  - button to click as completed
 - category browser




DONE:
 - league creation
 - email mailer w/ league invite / team invite
 - list all available teams in league on league page
 - if user is not on a team - ability to join not full teams
 - invite users to league
   - click button "invite people to join!"
   - dynamic form with ability to increase number of invites
   - email address & name
   - people don't get saved - just request sent to backend to send invitations

Commit message:

starting to think about workout page

README.md, after:

## Fantasy Fitness

THOUGHTS:
---
 - workout packs are set weekly by app admin
 - workouts get claimed when a person completes it
 - claim means finished!
 - might be easier to start with a giant list of workouts / exercises that each count for x points
 - can then complete them freely to score open ended points
 - maybe the packs are more like suggestions / challenges that are worth extra points


TODO:
---
HOME:
---
 - personal weekly score tally
 - team total score weekly
 - settings / update profile button
 - clicking on the workout claims it
 - show weekly available workouts & available points
 - show weekly completed workouts & awarded points



TEAM:
---
 - team total score
 - settings / update team button - name, image, etc
 - teammates and everyone's momentum
 - team notes / messaging


LEAGUE:
---
- display this weeks workout pack
- dropdown to check out previous weeks
- click on the pack takes you to workouts - displays that pack and its different workouts / exercises
- scoreboard / standings
- matchup view ( comparison across teams )
- MVP (who's contributed the most this week?)
- league manager note


WORKOUTS:
---
 - workout list (in vertical scroll view)
  - exercise name
  - image
  - curate better list of workouts
  - good pictures
 - clicking on a workout shows more information about it
  - what exercises
  - how long
  - general description
  - what muscles are being worked?
  - button to click as completed
 - category browser


DONE:
---
HOME:
 - BIG refactor for the home page. Much more readable and usable

TEAM:

LEAGUE:
 - league creation
 - email mailer w/ league invite / team invite
 - list all available teams in league on league page
 - if user is not on a team - ability to join not full teams
 - invite users to league
   - click button "invite people to join!"
   - dynamic form with ability to increase number of invites
   - email address & name
   - people don't get saved - just request sent to backend to send invitations

WORKOUTS:
